Document Datadog Apps OAuth support (#37653)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/datadog_apps.md

  ```shell
  node --version
  ```

> - For local development and uploads, the generated app uses Datadog OAuth by default. The first command that needs Datadog access opens a browser authorization flow and caches the OAuth token for later use.

Reviewer: Recommend moving this bullet point since it's not necessarily a prereq. I moved it to the "Develop your app locally" section, but let me know if you think it belongs somewhere else.

```suggestion
```

Author: That is a good callout. This bullet doesn't really feel like a prerequisites. I don't think this line should appear here. My only concern about moving it to `Develop your app locally` is that the Oauth information is relevent to both local developement and also uploading your app. Its probably good enough though. I'll make the change.

> - Optional: A Datadog **API key** and an **application key** with [Actions API Access][5] enabled. If both `DD_API_KEY` and `DD_APP_KEY` are set, the generated app uses API and application key authentication instead of OAuth. API and application keys are also required for API-key-backed build telemetry, such as build metrics and Error Tracking sourcemap uploads. For instructions, see [API and Application Keys][6].

Reviewer: Suggestion removing details about the override since it's mentioned in the body.
```suggestion
- Optional: A Datadog **API key** and an **application key** with [Actions API Access][5] enabled. Required for API-key-backed build telemetry (build metrics and Error Tracking sourcemap uploads) and for CI/CD uploads. For instructions, see [API and Application Keys][6].
```

Author: Sounds good. I'll make the change 👍

## Develop your app locally

> 1. Start the development server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For local development and uploads, the generated app uses Datadog OAuth by default. The first command that needs Datadog access opens a browser authorization flow and caches the OAuth token for later use.

1. Start the development server:
```

   ```shell
   npm run dev
   ```
2. Open the URL shown in the terminal (for example, `http://localhost:5173/`) to preview your app.

> When the dev server needs to call Datadog, such as when running a backend function locally, it uses OAuth by default. If authorization is required, the command opens a browser prompt. After authorization completes, the token is cached in your operating system credential store when supported.

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning if it's not supported? 

```suggestion
When the dev server needs to call Datadog, such as when running a backend function locally, it uses OAuth by default. If authorization is required, the command opens a browser prompt. After authorization completes, the token is cached in your operating system credential store.
```

Author: Sounds good. Its a bit nuanced when it isn't supported. Essentially the scaffolding command we provide will set them up properly so it will work with their operating system credential store, but if they choose to integrate the [Datadog Apps build plugin](https://github.com/DataDog/build-plugins/tree/master/packages/plugins/apps) we provide. They will need to make sure they install the optional plugin [@napi-rs/keyring](https://github.com/DataDog/build-plugins/blob/master/packages/core/package.json#L33C11-L33C18), but I feel like this is too in the weeds. Since the docs reference using the scaffolding command we can just leave out the part about "when supported". I'll make the change.

To automatically upload your app on every push to the `main` branch, use the [`DataDog/apps-github-action`][11] GitHub Action. This action builds your app and uploads it to Datadog.

> CI/CD uploads should use API and application key authentication. Create a Datadog API key and an application key with [Actions API Access][5] enabled, then store them as GitHub secrets.

Reviewer: Is this a requirement or a suggestion/recommendation? If it's "should" can you add what the exception would be?

```suggestion
CI/CD uploads require API and application key authentication. Create a Datadog API key and an application key with [Actions API Access][5] enabled, then store them as GitHub secrets.
```

Author: Good call. I'll make the change.
